# project3-buildcraft-product-configuratorProduct Configurator for Mass Customizati[Public Trello Board - (https://trello.com/b/9L4lELii/buildcraft-product-configurator)](https://trello.com/b/9L4lELii/buildcraft-product-configurator)on Manufacturing  Product configurator that an end customer or user can use to create a customizable modular product with little to no product knowledge. System will utilize existing data files to create a separate entity which can be used to automatically quote out jobs to a distributor, 2nd line customer or EOL (End of the Line) customer. Key features should include both a manual and guided option to assist all levels of product or company familiarity. Dynamic tables should update as options are selected allowing only compatible items to be selected as each level is populated. Some sort of visual aspect should be integrated so the user can get some idea of what they are configuring. Lanes in the program should allow for multiple use case [ie: B2B (Business to Business), B2B2C (B2B to Customer), B2B2B..et.]  > _**Overall project is a dynamically expanding option set and feature implementation platform which would best be achieved in an agile development format. This will allow for a workable product while new and more in-depth features are researched and created._ Initial project will be a 3 week development cycle for submission and presentation at the UT-Houston Nov 2018 - May 2019 Coding program demos and as a final graduation submission. Key development stages are planned past this for implementation at  [Glass & Door Int. [GlassCraft Door Co.]](https://www.glasscraft.com) and eventual offering on a wider marketplace to companies.You can follow along with the product growth and life cycle on our public Trello board both during the course work project and on into the corporate side development. Some features once in to the professional environment will be discussed on the board, but code and details will be held in a separate private repository. If this project interests you at all please feel free to reach out to the developers who have contributed for more information.**Public Trello Board** - _[(https://trello.com/b/9L4lELii/buildcraft-product-configurator)](https://trello.com/b/9L4lELii/buildcraft-product-configurator)_## Initial Application Technology & API Integration Usage Plan- React     - mySQL - MongoDB (Mongoose) - Express - Node.JS - Image API - MS Dynamics CRM - Google/Bing Maps- YubiKey NFC Authentication (Yubico)- Firebase Social Signup Authentication- Integrated Live Chat Support